Feb. 9:
	Introductions
	Recruiting Drive
	Instructed on how to Join ACM, requirements
	Discussed Hackathon events
	Gamejam idea proposed
		What game?  Competition vs cooperative?  like below, leadership
		Understanding git/github collaboration
		Recognizing that not everyone will agree, figuring out how to limit conflict
	Proposal ideas, including Student One Fund
		Included Kijowski in discussion
		Requires architecture, leadership to implement piano staircase idea
		Mentors vs Leadership
		Mentors should NOT get too involved, as this is a learning experience!
		Training sessions?
		Process: ideas, ordering parts, design and impleentation
		Participation is VERY important!  Getting involved with meetings!
		Cyber security competition idea
		Challenge coins?  Challenge design
		Announcements: clearly communicating what to expect.  Ambiguity will lead to people who might be interested ignoring it.
		Noted effectiveness of faculty directly engaging with students to announce events
		Events ought to be more common: past participants can speak positively, encouraging more and more people to join
	Call for more ideas for Boffin Nights
	"Hack the Box" discussed, enthusism shown as a potential Boffin Night
	Piano staircase: how long can be it be running?  On/off/scheduled times, to avoid conflicts with classes (loud?)
	Possibly shorter events (Boffin Night) to try ideas out, learn from, explore ideas before bigger events

Additional notes from Kayleigh:

	Mini-hackathons for student first fund

	Game jam
	What game - give three / four main game themes?
	Is there is core set of features?
	git / Github for collaborative structure
	Training sessions ahead of time?
	Build the arcade

	Piano Staircase
	3 parts - ideas, part list, design and implementation
	Key feature set
	
	Cyber Security Competition
	Red team / blue team?
	"Hack" digital signage (OSU did a hack the clock tower)?


	Architecture & leadership
	Mentors to provide direction & experience?
	Challenge coins
	Advertisement improvements to understand scope
	- noted effectiveness of instructors reaching out
